hey guys it's alright so I wanted to do
a versus video and do my foundation with
the duo fiber brush in the powder brush
on half my face of the powder half my
face of the stippling i usually use this
elf powder brush and I really like it
it's really great flat top it's really
good so it gives you great coverage and
its really soft but I just if you watch
the last video i just did a unboxing of
the Sonia Kashuk limited edition like
all out bling said or something i'm not
quite sure what it was called but i
bought this and i really wanted the
stippling brush to see why my makeup
looked with that ok and so I wanted to
do comparison video so that's what we're
doing today and I apologize if the
lighting isn't as bright too maybe but
oh hold on can I apologize for the giant
zit on my forehead as well I have a few
giant zits and I don't know it's just I
don't even know why I look out what
ok
you
okay that looks pretty good alrighty now
let's get started so they first item to
the deal is take my Revlon Photoready
foundation in medium beige 006 Liam
beige just my favorite favorite favorite
foundation aims and all the time and
then I take my survey why facial
moisturizing lotion the a.m version and
I'm almost out so I have to open it and
I just scrolling around a little get a
little out put it on my or not my palm
the back of my hand and then I take one
square of my foundation and I mix it
together you should put my bangs back
again once again I pull up oh well here
we go so I just dab it on my face and
I'm going to damn it on this side and
then use the stippling brush the whole
time on this side so let me just it
laundry on half my face and I
concentrate in the center where my most
of my redness is but and work it out to
the outside okay I'm just going to get
this off my finger okay so I'm just
going to blend this right side out oh
that's cute okay let's get started here
and I just do circular motions or
brushed emotions depending on it really
just depends on what part of my face I'm
doing attempting to do about half my
nose by you know
ok
this like isn't that bright but wow that
is really strange looking in the on in
there how I have half of it on and half
of it off only half my face okay well
you can see the coverage of this
foundation at this point so now I'm
going to take the stippling brush and
just dab it in this and just kind of
step lit all over my face and then dumb
or get my bangs out of the way which I
showed them pinback which I usually
pinback fur when I just do my makeup in
the morning we're like getting ready but
I forgot lost a hair
skip the rest
I'm realizing that I didn't take
pictures of these brushes for shell
before I used it okay I don't think I
had enough one-upped left so oh dear two
sheds but we're just gonna assume that's
because it's brand-new but oh my
goodness this is actually shutting a lot
okay I don't think I had enough so i'm
just gonna take a tiny bit more just to
finish it off
and please excuse the dry kind of flaky
lip around my nose because I've been
sick
and tomatoes is so dry still a little
runny I don't feel sick but still got
you know your stuff lemon stuff left
okay just doing bottom that's all just
making sure I've got now we have streaks
anywhere don't want any streaks got from
weirdness around my nose but that's
expected so this is the foundation I'm
going to take this out of the picture
and just show you guys so this how I
used to be um the powder brush this half
i use the stippling brush and let's see
if there's a difference you see
independence